Developers like working on cool apps but every once in a while THE FORM™ comes along to suck all fun out of the developers life.

Working on such form entry processes is in itself usually not fun but filling out a form for test purposes again and again is even worse.

FORM-O-FILL is there to ease that pain.

Features:
✓ Extract already entered forms to auto-create the rule definition with the click of a button (or two).
✓ Use javascript to program the rules.
✓ Use static values or dynamically generated values for every field (value functions are just javascript).
✓ Get nice error reporting when applying the rule to the form doesn't work.
✓ Use before functions to fetch or generate data that can then be used in value functions.
✓ Organize your work into tabs. All tabs are searched for matching rules.
✓ One click apply of a matching rule or even autoapply the rule
✓ Two click apply when there are multiple matching rules.
✓ Auto apply configurable for each rule
✓ Reuse rules inside other rules (shared rules)
✓ Browser notifications to show you what happened.

Requires:
Chrome 33+

Permissions requested:
- Read all open tabs (Used for finding the tab to fill a form in)
- Read all http/https URLs (Well its a form filler and it should be able to fill data everywhere) 
- Notifications (Show problems and extract notification)

Changelog:

★ Version 1.6.1
- Change .findHtml() to return a promise. Please see changelog for migration.

★ Version 1.6.0
- Added .findHtml() function to the context object

★ Version 1.5.1
- Fix a potential chrome bug with flickering or too small popup.
- Report missing rules when using shared field definitions.

★ Version 1.5.0
- New feature: Shared field definitions (like rspec shared_examples).
  Import common field definitions into a rule in any place you want.

★ Version 1.4.1
- Implemented error reporting for before functions
- Popup shows rules sorted by name

★ Version 1.4.0
- You can now create reusable functions to simplify your complex rules. 

★ Version 1.1.1 - 1.3.6
- See "Changelog" in extension options

Find the source at
https://github.com/form-o-fill/form-o-fill-chrome-extension

Pull requests always welcome!
Contact us at formofillextension@gmail.com

Form-O-Fill icon taken from the Entypo Pictogram suite
(http://www.entypo.com/)

Licensed under the MIT license.
